ticdc: Use open-protocol instead of default protocol and add missing params (#7407) (#7452)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-open-api.md

    {"matcher":["test1.*", "test2.*"], "dispatcher":"ts"},
    {"matcher":["test3.*", "test4.*"], "dispatcher":"rowid"}
  ],

>   "protocal":"canal-json"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "protocal":"default"
```

`matcher`: The matching syntax of matcher is the same as the filter rule syntax.

> `protocol`: For the sink of MQ type, you can specify the protocol format of the message. Currently the following protocols are supported: `canal-json`, `open-protocol`, `canal`, `avro`, and `maxwell`.

Reviewer 2: Please revert this change. (Except typo)

> `protocol`: For the sink of MQ type, you can specify the protocol format of the message. Currently the following protocols are supported: `canal-json`, `open-protocol`, `canal`, `avro`, and `maxwell`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`protocol`: For the sink of MQ type, you can specify the protocol format of the message. Currently the following protocols are supported: `default`, `canal`, `avro`, and `maxwell`. The default protocol is the TiCDC Open Protocol.
```
